Update Unify FAQ doc (#4980)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/unify/faqs.md

### Can ExternalID's be changed or removed from the profiles?
No. As the Identity Graph uses ExternalIDs, they remain for the lifetime of the user profile.

### Can I delete specific events from a user profile in Unify? 

> No. Alternatively, you may delete the entire user profile from Segment via a [GDPR deletion request]([url](https://segment.com/docs/privacy/user-deletion-and-suppression/)https://segment.com/docs/privacy/user-deletion-and-suppression/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. Alternatively, you may delete the entire user profile from Segment using a [GDPR deletion request](/docs/privacy/user-deletion-and-suppression/).
```
